samples: boards: st: blink with low power mode management in DEBUG (#91299)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/boards/st/power_mgmt/blinky/README.rst

When LPTIM input clock has a prescaler, longer perdiod (up to 64 seconds)
of low power can be tested.

> Note that Debugging is only possible when CONFIG_DEBUG=y. That will enable the
> CONFIG_STM32_ENABLE_DEBUG_SLEEP_STOP and prevent the system to go to low power mode.
> This is the opposite effect of what this sample is demonstrating.
> With CONFIG_DEBUG set, the power consumption will increase as the system will not sleep/stop.

Reviewer: Let's put this in a warning block (and use other appropriate documentation markers)
```suggestion
.. warning::
    Debugging is only possible when :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DEBUG` ``=y``, which will enable
    :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_STM32_ENABLE_DEBUG_SLEEP_STOP` and prevent the system to go to low power mode.
    This is the opposite effect of what this sample is demonstrating.
    With CONFIG_DEBUG set, the power consumption will increase as the system will not sleep/stop.
```

But I think this could be reworded to something like:
```suggestion
.. warning::
    Debugging this sample may require enabling :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_STM32_ENABLE_DEBUG_SLEEP_STOP` (this will be done
    automatically if :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DEBUG` ``=y``). When enabled,
    entry in low-power modes will not disable power in the power domains
    that should be powered off, ensuring that the debug logic remains always
    available. However, low-power modes will no longer reduce the system's
    power consumption in this configuration, which is the opposite of what
    this sample is attempting to demonstrate.
```

Author: changed wording
